Cockpit 266 (#510)
cockpit-project/cockpit-project.github.io: _posts/2022-03-30-cockpit-266.md

---
title: Cockpit 266
author: garrett
date: '2022-03-30'
tags: cockpit
slug: cockpit-266
category: release
summary: ''
---

Cockpit is the [modern Linux admin interface](https://cockpit-project.org/).
We release regularly.

Here are the release notes from Cockpit 266:

> ## Standardize on SI-based units for data sizes and rates

Reviewer: And when exactly did we standardise on american spellings? :)

Author: Since the beginning, as we work for an American company with a big bulk of its customers in the US?

Author: ```suggestion
## Consistently use SI-based units for data sizes and rates
```

Non-regional spelling suggestion above.

Or even simpler:

```suggestion
## Use SI-based units for data sizes and rates
```

Reviewer: To be clear: this comment was a joke.
